Docs: Update community meetup guidelines (#14770)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/community.md

2. All talks should be vendor-neutral and not sales pitches
3. Each meetup should have at least two talks with speakers representing different companies/organizations
4. Planned meetups ought to be brought to the attention of the [dev list](#mailing-lists)
5. All [Community Guidelines](#community-guidelines) must be respected

Meetups *must* be small events under the ASF branding guidelines (linked above) and are typically small, informal gatherings. If you're unsure whether an event is a meetup, meetups usually:

* Rely on a curated selection of talks, where organizers work with the community to include a diverse representation of speakers, topics, and companies. They don't use a formal call for papers like a conference.
* Are single-tracked and accommodate only a handful of sessions.
* Have at most 2-3 hours of content, plus networking time.

> * Are sponsored by 1-3 companies providing food, drinks, or meeting space; not by selling booth space or marketing opportunities. They don't require substantial financial support.

Reviewer: I think it could be good to make this 1-4... I know it seems strange because three seems ideal with food, drinks, venue, but i think a 4th option could be good for "in person/logistics support". I want to give a non-paid option, especially for small companies/contributors. Also if we are going to put limits I think allowing a tiny amount of wiggle room is not the worst. But I do think a limit is good.

2. All talks should be vendor-neutral and not sales pitches
3. Each meetup should have at least two talks with speakers representing different companies/organizations
4. Planned meetups ought to be brought to the attention of the [dev list](#mailing-lists)

> 5. The talk selection process is transparent and community members who are interested in speaking can/know how to propose a session

Author: Ack. For now, I've reverted the change to what it was before. Happy to help draft best practices for meetups. But I'll leave it for another PR in the interest of getting these out as discussed.

6. All [Community Guidelines](#community-guidelines) must be respected

> Meetups *must* be small events under the ASF branding guidelines (linked above) and are typically small, informal gatherings. If you're unsure whether an event is a meetup, meetups usually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Meetups *must* be small events under the [ASF branding guidelines](https://www.apache.org/foundation/marks/events.html#dates) and are typically small, informal gatherings. If you're unsure whether an event is a meetup, meetups usually:
```

nit: adding direct link

* Rely on a curated selection of talks, where organizers work with the community to include a diverse representation of speakers, topics, and companies. They don't use a formal call for papers like a conference.
* Are single-tracked and accommodate only a handful of sessions.
* Take place over a ~4 hour window.

> * Are hosted/sponsored by 1-3 companies providing food, drinks, and/or *unpaid* meeting space. They don't require exorbitant financial support or selling booth space or marketing opportunities to put on.

Reviewer 3: Sorry if this is a duplicate but I don't see my original comment. I think this should be less opinionated and more informational, like the originally proposed wording: "Are sponsored by one or two companies providing food, drinks, or meeting space; not by selling booth space or marketing opportunities". I think you could also work in "substantial financial support" if that's important?

Author: Updated with the original language; added "substantial financial support". I still kept it at 1-3 companies, as I think that's fairly standard across what most communities do for their meetups.

4. Planned meetups ought to be brought to the attention of the [dev list](#mailing-lists)
5. All [Community Guidelines](#community-guidelines) must be respected

Meetups *must* be small events under the ASF branding guidelines (linked above) and are typically small, informal gatherings. If you're unsure whether an event is a meetup, meetups usually:

> * Rely on a curated selection of talks, where organizers work with the community to include a diverse representation of speakers, topics, and companies. They don't use a formal call for papers like a conference.

Author: Hey @zoesteinkamp! Just an FYI, that after discussing with Ryan, we actually removed that line that you're referencing that conflicts. The reason I had added that originally was to hopefully avoid the situation where the same organizers get together and tap the same speakers all the time; I never want anyone who's interested in speaking to feel alienated from the group and not know how to get involved. 

I like your suggestion to specify that it shouldn't use a formal paid service for a CfP. Happy to add that but wanted to see if that change/removing the conflicting line is good enough from your perspective.

> * Rely on a curated selection of talks, where organizers work with the community to include a diverse representation of speakers, topics, and companies. They don't use a formal call for papers like a conference.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure that this is better by specifying that a CFP can't be "paid". How about this?

> meetups might use, but don't require a CfP because of the number of submissions

That way it is clear that you can use one, but you shouldn't need one.

I'm up for clarifying this, but I would also say that this is a grey area that we don't have to make clear. I prefer the original wording that a call for papers is not used for a meetup. If you have a web submission form, great. If you need us to tell you whether your event is a meetup or not based on this (and not other factors?) then reach out to the PMC.
